# JAVA-KOVID-20
 
Project task (Faculty of Electrical Engineering Banja Luka, subject Programming Languages II 2020)

A simple desktop application that simulates the movement of residents in a city matrix in which the JAVA-COV-20 virus operates. Residents (elderly, adults, and children) simultaneously move around the city matrix with appropriate limits, where the distance between residents from different houses must be at least two fields. If any of the residents violate the distance rule, they immediately change their direction of movement. Also, in the city, there are checkpoints that read the temperatures of residents who are in its immediate vicinity. If a resident's temperature is higher than 37C, an ambulance comes for the resident and takes them to the clinic, while the supervisor sends a signal to all residents of the same house to return to their home by the shortest distance.

At the beginning of the simulation, the user enters the number of residents of each type, the number of houses in which they will be distributed based on the number (they are uniformly distributed across the houses, respecting the rule that children cannot be alone in the house), the number of ambulance vehicles, and the number of checkpoints. Upon starting the simulation, information about all residents (their identifier, name, current temperature (which changes every 30 seconds), direction of movement) is displayed below the city matrix, and the user can pause the simulation at any time, export statistical data to a CSV file, and create a new ambulance if necessary. After the simulation is finished, statistical data is displayed in the file SIM-JAVA-current_time.txt.
